

set up

 leads have dried up
 we've showed our hand
 need to lay low for a bit.
 try and track down another lead?

Off to the abbey of X to see whether the Brothers of the Silver Flame know anything.

Port Authority?
The vendor the PCs happen to be buying from deals in illicit, forbidden 
and stolen goods. After making their purchases the PCs are tracked down. 
Can they prove they had no idea they engaged in illegal dealings?

Dwarf selling rats on a stick at fiveways.


11. Band of gypsies (possibly lycanthropes.) They offer various sundries and oddities for sale, and will read the fortunes of the PCs.

Birds of prey circling overhead


Skeleton of an animal
Wolf/dog tracks

Abbey has been attacked. 
Many people killed


PERENELLE ABBEY 
Dock, a small row boat on it.

Leader of the werewolves  
  Giles JANVIER
7 werewolves.
Are not hungry.. they've been besieged for weeks.
Cloaks wandering around with crossbows.


Make it look like the players job is to help defend the abbey

Paladin who came when he heard has been wounded and the curse runs through his veins.  Revelle Nicholaus BABINEAUX.  Young blonde bearded fellow.  Cause he's a paladin of Caiphan  he gates subhumans.  But he despises werewolves.  Will fight to save the players.  Resist the beast!  No body trusts him.  He's trying to do the right thing within his belief system.   He's trying to sum up the courage to kill himself or go out fighting.  The werewolves think it's amusing doing this to him.
  "Get out of here while you still can." 
  "Worse than I could ever have imagined."
  "Why don't you go and see what they caught."
  "May Caiphan forgive me."
Silver flame on his doublet


Abbott Gaufridus FIRMIN.  Been wounded.  Believes the players are not werewolves.  Tells them that Hannus Vizeare was only the third among the first. and that they are fighting a war.  Is not lucid.  "Tis the unclean who are our greatest threat."  You must get out of here before they come back.  I am done.  Find Henri.. take him with you."

Initially scared.. "it's ok.. they are not shape shifters."

werewolf tell?
hairy palms

Brother Lambertus.  Fat monk.  A werewolf.. tries to convince the players that the other brothers are werewolves.  Wants them to tell him what they know.  Agent for the elves.  He's trying to get the players to talk.. he'll try straight away... then swap them for information.

No one seems hungry at dinner.  People are watching the players.

werewolves lock the players in.
Most of the monks are dead in the cellar.
'enri MARCHAND.. little boy in the attic
collected the books the abbott told him to.

out: players kept for meat.

werewolves hulk out.




Players are defending against a group of very elite invading enemies on a hilly cobblestone side-alley that is all flat in a thunderstorm (slippery) with many different levels of elevation. The more you make them feel like this is in fact Sparta the better the encounter will be



