


alemaign

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwIf3Uwv4j4


rumours..
random encounters



Westerreich
Oestland


The running of the pigs

Carcossa..


Template for encounters..
Dramatic Question:
Timer
Treat
Threat?


Ellende


Brother Ambrose from the Lazarette of St Armenius
Leper's colony and insane asylum
"Where they send their problems to be forgotten."
"Electroshock therapy"
"Flesh golem"
"They've sent you to spy on me hey?  Well, you'd better come in then I suppose."
"Mad monk Desiderius Lenz who transcribed the von Kaulbach fragment of the prophecy."
Cures
   - Castration 
   - Labotomies
   - Electroconvulsive shock therapy
   - Chains
   - Wet Sheets
   - Spinning..
   - Branding

Lots of prophecies?  Which one are they after?


Dreamlands



What are the doppelgangers up to?

..
procures and prepares food for an institution.


guards

thieves in town?


Magister
Northerner




Orc Prophet.
 - Wants to destroy Laibstadt to save Orckind.  He's had a dream.


Black Yakub
 - smokes
 - drinks from a wineskin
 - offers to read passers-by's fortunes
 - will offer helpful tips about upcoming encounters..
 - Actually an efreet, observing the city trying to learn things and ingratiate himself
 - See Wendler.



Ghouls are in town looking for the gonfalon of X.
The flag staff has been hollowed out and in it there is a map?? or prophecy? something. to do with the coming of X.


magical items (creatures) intended to enslave creatures into the service of the opener of ways.


The horde shall come through the render'd veil
when the great evil shall either fall or prevail.
Their clarion will mark the ending of days,
and the coming of the Opener of Ways,

Armed with their hallowed lance
they shall pierce its countenance
and with faith, vengence will be ours
they shall strike its face
and return the world to grace.


They shall be armed with a map of the fludd.
The writings of Olm the blind prophet.


When should the great reveal be?

They mine to create the greatest weapons to kill 
more poison than arsenic, more mortal than mithril,
cakes of yellow, but not for a feast
mine'd by the dwarves in the deeps of the east.


Alas poison words had made them set sail
for their all of their counsel was nought but betray'l
the sage from the south had arranged it just so
now our heroes were puppets in the hands of our foe.


And what rough beast, its hour come round at last,   
Slouches towards Laibstadt to be born?



betrayal by XXX



Shipwrecked on an island in the medierranean.

"Their thirst and hunger had no sate,
They did not drink or eat from witches plate,
Not for they to lie amongst the shoat
Beneath the eyes of Circe's gloat."


"Fear'd they not when in the sepia gloam they lay,
knowingst that their light would show the way."






an agent of XXXX
sent to stop the characters..
  - distract them
      - send them off on a wild goose chase. to "babylon"  
  - deal with them
  - frame them .. court case
  - threaten them
  - attack them by proxy
  - attach them
  

need a map of the gates.
Robert Fludd’s Hyle Chart.
Time Bandits map.


should get a home candle  (lights blue when in a different plane).


 

alternative approaches...
   - mecha?
   - giant creature?
   - create attacking creatures?
   - large cannon?


The eye of Theutates.
The Maker of Ways..
walking towards the light for a thousand years.. ever hungry


The Exalted .. Small Gods.

Theutates
The Protector.

Esus
Lord

Taranis
Thunderer

Summanus
God of Night.

Elder Gods.

Outer Gods.


The Veiled Sect
Believe these are false gods and that the true god will one day reveal himself to the worthy.




The Stygian Library
Library gates.. plane of information?


Shadowlands


Bulbuzbulb


Orcs


Trial?


2011
Bastion of the Boglings..





The Mole from Hitchcock.
Convince the characters that their help is needed.



The characters find a door with multiple knobs. The wrong knobs trigger traps.
The party faces a door that's totally barricaded over. If the characters tear down the barricades, they find whatever the door was barricaded against
There's a room crammed full of rotten barrels filled with decaying dynamite. There's no room to get around them—going over is the only way.
False door that's a little stuck.. trapdoor in front of the door.  The door is holding the trapdoor up.



A small orphan girl is terrified and shares a wild story about another child at the orphanage who is biting everyone.


A chatty bard walks alongside the party. Time for an exposition dump!


religious festivals..
    Candlemas (2 February)
    Whitsunday (legislatively fixed for this purpose as 15 May)
    Lammas (1 August)
    Martinmas (11 November).
Lady Day (25 March, the Feast of the Annunciation)
Midsummer Day (24 June)
Michaelmas (29 September, the Feast of St Michael and All Angels)
Christmas 



punch and judy show.

the trial

pool as a gate to fey

Other times the whole process is just a matter of limited time. Will you push the lever with the eagle's head carving or the bear's head carving? Hurry it up, the room is flooding. Who paid attention to the short story about the eagle and the bear scribbled on the wall of the second room of the dungeon?


A time bandits map to see if they can get to nazi germany (an alternate root?)

time bell


yelllow cake from the dwarves.
Jáchymov in Czech Republic.
Leads back to the German

So the german dude needs money to get the yellowcake

fey politics..


Against.. 
   - Fey
   - Efreet when they find out.
   - Humans when they find out.
   - White court when they find out.

For
   - Nazis
   - Vampires of the Black Court
   - Worm Hosts.. the Preparers of the Way
   - Cult of Despair?



A report has come down however, a request for investigation from the Ecclesiarchy of one of the local worlds. It seems there's something of a rising star lay cleric in the area, and he's been amassing considerable influence and followers.  The Ecclesiarchy is generally disinclined to intervene so long as the layfolk are keeping true to the good word of the Emperor but this particular cleric has been gaining a dangerous amount of influence at the expense of the proper sanctioned church, and moreover, his message is rather extreme even by Imperial standards.  In particular it seems his message has been littered with implications of corruption against the Ecclesiarchy.  

Clearly he is a heretic, and must be dealt with, but the Ecclesiarchy is afraid to move against him on their own as this rogue minister has amassed a considerable following and their manpower on the planet is slim, not enough to take out a raging mob.  They're also concerned as to what has led to this heresy, whether he's simply a misguided fool, or something more sinister, and want the cause discovered as best as possible before the heretic is purged.

Van Vuygens has been passed down this request because of a general lack of Inquisitional manpower, and the Lord Inquistors have a less than flattering view of Van Vuygens work, seeing him as wasting his time on wild theories and speculations.  Van Vuygens disagrees, obviously, and feels that his Acolytes would be better served continuing his own investigations, and so the players are pressed into their first real field assignment.  

The heretic himself is, of course, a Wormhost, infected by colony of psychic mind worms taken residence in his brain.  His true purpose is simply to eventually foment a revolt, to feed the ritual of summoning that will bring the Harvesters, a xenos plague from beyond the galaxy that previously wiped out an entire xenos population in the sector.  Whether they'll get any clue of this is uncertain, short of cracking open his skull and finding the worms.  Depending on how things play out they might not have any clue there's a larger conspiracy at work just yet.  



https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/8bgzwn/100_composed_encounters_on_the_road/

"Broken Axle
Broken axle, whether it is your own or from a family on the road. They are trying to fix
it but could use a hand or two. A small skill challenge of 2 successes against 2 failures
will help overcome this encounter. If it was not their own cart they receive 2 rations and
a wineskin for their troubles."





Caravan Family
You catch up with a merchant caravan and with a small deal with the leader of the
caravan you are allowed to travel with. For all intents and purposes this caravan
functions as a general store and can resupply the party with any (simple) mundane
items. There is even a smith traveling with them that can repair armour and weapons if
needed. In return, the PCs are required to share some stories about their past with the
people of the caravan. One of the people in the caravan (bard/rogue) has very big ears
and if the party is even slightly famous he will sell this information to the wrong people.



Deaf not Dim
You will have to cross a small river, the only way over is by a small boat that currently
is located on the other side of the river. The gnome (commoner) that owns the boat sits
in front of it next to a small shack smoking a pipe and fishing in the river. He is deaf and
his sight is not what it used to be, so getting his attention is a small challenge. The fare
costs 2 silver pieces each and takes about ten minutes. If more than 4 creatures are in
the boat, it will start leaking and the gnome will ask for some help throwing the water
overboard while he is rowing. If someone complains that it goes slow, he will bet them a
silver piece they can’t do it any faster than he can (they can with a moderate strength
check and a minor wisdom save to figure out how to steer properly), if accepted he will
go sit on a bench and will smoke his pipe with a smug face letting the person do all his
work while he makes money.


Desperate
A group of farmers (commoners) you meet on the road are relocating to the nearest city
as they lost their houses and families in recent orc raids on their hamlets. They will try
to sell the party anything they have left for some money so they can survive in the city
and not end up in the streets as beggars: livestock, heirlooms, their cart, even their last
pack animal. One of them is even so desperate that he will sell his daughters hand in
marriage for a handful of gold.



Farmers Dogs
Five huge guard dogs chase the party from a nearby farm. The farmer follows them
calling their names to stop them from chasing people on the road. They will not bite but
come really close, barking with foam in their mouths. They will attack if attacked. If two
dogs bite the same target they can drag this creature prone for free, each turn afterwards
they can drag the creature away up to 10 ft. If the dogs are killed the farmer will call the
party names and murderers for killing his dogs and he will cry with their corpses.





Fluff Ambush
A tree has fallen over the road and blocks passage. Either you have to find a way around
or get it out of the way. The only ambush here is your party moving in on the disgruntled
squirrel that had a nest in the dead trunk.



Gossiper
A traveling minstrel (bard) has made himself comfortable at the road side at a crossroad.
For a silver piece he will tell a PC a tidbit of information that might interest them. He
will produce some information about the road ahead or about the region that might help
the PCs, afterwards he demands to be paid a silver by all PCs as they all listened. If he is paid he will give
1d4 + 1 rumours for free, at least one of which is a straight out lie and the others must
be true.   XXX .. also sells fruit and watered wine.



Hamlet of the Lost
You come across an eerie quiet hamlet, over a dozen humanoid corpses are rather
gruesomely displayed on stakes near the edge. Several ghost(ly) figures are gathered
around an old tree in the middle of the hamlet, they are non-hostile and will attempt to
warn the party about the 3d4 +10 Somethings? with spears hidden within the ruins and
remaining houses. The ghosts are bound by some evil magical symbol painted on the
tree, which, if destroyed, will allow the ghosts to fight side-by-side with the party against
their ambushers.


Hangman
The ruins of a small fortress lay on a small hill. A history check might reveal it once was
an outskirt guard post meant to protect this road. At dusk, a ghost appears but it seems
harmless, it is pacing in a small part of the ruins and mumbling to himself, he can not
be interacted with in any meaningful sense. An hour before midnight he sinks on his
knees and seems to be praying and wailing. At 10 to twelve he will walk into the former
courtyard, climb imaginary stairs, and at 12 precisely he seems to drop flailing as he
hangs by an invisible noose. All the PCs will make wisdom saves or will feel a noose
around their neck that is not there and they will start suffocating where they stand or
sleep. PCs can be saved by a wisdom save every round or by dragging themselves out of
the ruins. Six rounds later the ghost hangs limp for the remainder of the night and the
struggle stops, at dawn he disappears.


Hungry Fog
A huge fogbank rolls in consuming the landscape around you. The fog seems to contain
humanoid figures that pop up in the corner of your eyes. Sometimes you are attacked
(hungry fog or air elemental stats), and the only way to prevent it is by keeping out of
the mist. Creative solutions to locally get rid of the mist are essential for survival.


Innocent Lies
You meet a farmer with his daughter on the road, they pull a stubborn donkey on a
leash with some trade wares. Disregarding his warnings about staying away from
strangers the girl skips over to the party and holds her hand up with a wooden ring in
it. She tells them they look like smart ‘’magic knowin folk’’, and she asks them about
this ring she found next to the road as her father comes over to whisk her away. The
ring actually detects as magic (Magic Aura spell). It is a scam to sell wooden rings as
magical to gullible strangers, the girl has some magical talent. She will only part with
her ‘’special’’ ring for 2 gold pieces, it is how they keep afloat in hard times.


Leery Lycanthrope
Near nightfall a rough and wild looking woman will approach the campsite and asks if
she can share the fire. She will offer to share three hunted rabbits with the party in order
to secure a place for the night, however, if she sees any holy symbols or signs of people
believing in higher powers she will leave without a word and will be swallowed by the
darkness. Although she carries a bow and has some trapping gear only a closer eye on
the rabbits will give the party a clue that there is a werewolf in their midst, as these
rabbits bear no marks of arrows or trapping wire. She has no intention of revealing
herself or doing the party any harm and simply seeks some human contact that she has
been missing since she wounded up with the curse.


Murders
A huge (2d4 +2 swarms) murder of crows is collecting over the course of 1d4 + 2 hours,
they shadow the party in the trees. Anything mundane short of fire will not scare them
away and upon dusk they attack in a cacophony of screams and wings.


Noble Bastardry
You come across two young men, one of which in noble attire and the other is rather
clumsily holding a rapier that is too expensive. The noble (duelist) is exercising his right
to call a duel, this peasant didn’t look where he walked and spooked his horse. The
peasant is clearly out of his debt but does what he is told as he fears for his daughter’s
life (who is crying at the side of the road begging them to stop), he will most definitely be
killed if this duel takes place. If the party interferes the noble will size them up and offer
them a gold piece each to get out of his way and keep their heads when his father hears
of their interference, in all senses this guy is a prick, but a noble one. If met with hostility
the young noble will bravely fight but upon losing (or dying) he or his father himself will
make it a personal mission to ruin this party.

Noosed
You pass by three corpses that hang from a nearby tree. A small carving in common in
the tree trunk marks them as thieves. Getting any closer will let this possessed tree come
alive as a hangmanstree.


Poaching
There is roaring and thrashing from somewhere off-road. A wounded griffon (or wyvern)
is trapped in some poachers’ device and her left wing is damaged by some sort of bear
claw device connected to a chain. The chain is locked and hammered into a tree stump,
next to it lays the carcass of a goat that was probably used to lure her here. The creature
is very wary and will attack any humanoid on sight if it weren’t for her chain radius of
40 ft. Freeing her is not easy as she distrusts everything around her now. This is
reinforced the moment someone tries to remove the chain as arrows fly from the
shrubbery and the poachers return for their trophy, this turns the beast hostile again.


Prison Transport
You are passed by a huge caged cart accompanied by 8 soldiers and their captain.
Captain Rosh is transporting 5 prisoners (commoners) to the city (one of the prisoners
might be a NPC the party knows!). About 2 minutes after they pass you a group of 5
riders (bandits) in leather with scarves around their faces pass you, they are loading
crossbows and reading swords. They aim to kill one of the prisoners so he is unable to
talk or be tortured for information, he is some runner for some criminal organization.


Punishment and the Crime
A man hangs from his arms from a large tree, the chains with which he is suspended
seem sturdy and a small sign hangs from his neck; ‘’Sentenced to die for his crimes, any
that support him will suffer the same fate.’’. Three soldiers are dragging a screaming
woman to the same tree, you see she dropped some sort of knife and is pleading for help.
She is the daughter of the chained half-dead man and came to finish his suffering but
couldn’t, and when the soldiers saw her, they grabbed her and are planning to hang her
next to her father for interfering.

Shadowed
The party may notice they ‘’caught’’ something. An extra shadow on the road, a twisting
shape in the firelight. It might not even be hostile at first, it will just need what it takes,
and every night it will visit a party member and drains them for 1 strength point. It wants
to reach a town or city, only then will it attempt to kill, as it now has a way to flee to
others.

Shot the Messenger
They find a messenger with an arrow through her leg. The message is important and the
letter needs to be delivered as soon as possible, and she is unable to. She will ask
someone to take that responsibility and deputises them by handing them a small silver
feather (the sign of the messenger guild). They get 1d4 +1 day to locate the recipient of
the letter (a NPC known by the PCs) and deliver it before they have to deliver it to a
corpse as the target will have been murdered without getting that warning letter. They
might be stalked by an assassin that wants to take that letter away as to help their
partner get away with the murder of the target.

Shrine of Safe Travels
A small shrine to the goddess of protection and travelers stands at the roadside, a
simple grey stone altar with a holy symbol carved into it. On top there are several items,
a few silver coins in an ornate bowl, several candles, a ribbon tied to a wooden stick-
figure, a bouquet of dried healing herbs and a healing potion hidden near the base. A
worthy offering gains them advantage on the next throw, if they are in dire need they
can take what they need from the shrine, taking something unnecessarily or desecrating
the shrine will gain them 1d4 times disadvantage.


Spirit of the Wild
A huge elk (giant elk) struts onto the road, if there is a druid or ranger in the party it
will bow. A skilled hunter or opportunist might know a head of such a creature might
fetch a really pretty penny. This is however a guardian of the region and will be defended
by the forest if threatened (assassin vines, dire bear, entangle growth, a group of vicious
squirrels). If spoken to with respect in sylvan it might grant safe passage through this
region and a fortuitous road ahead, shaving some travel time off and the forest’s aid in
any further encounters in this region.


Spooked
The horses spook from something (worg smell) and start galloping along the road. They
need to be reined in as they flee into the surrounding environment. Each person on a
horse needs to complete a skill challenge: 3 successes needed before 5 fails or the horse
tosses them and runs, each fail causes some kind of distress/damage to the rider.



Stalked
You are being stalked by a large pack of wolves, they will keep their distance but will
be present. They will follow the party for 1d4 days or until a weaker target makes itself
aware. If at some point a party member will seclude him/herself they will attack.


Vampire Caravanserai
Dhamphir runs the place.. secluded.
Sign that says "Trieste ==>" to lure the party to the hotel.

Stranger on the Road
A stranger on the road, her name is Brigitt and she is a tough cookie and plays a mean
flute. She will tell horror stories about monsters that can change into men and ruin their
lives, stories of someone she knew that was convicted of murder, something he didn’t do
but everyone saw him do it. She is fleeing from her former life and she might let it slip
that this man was her brother. Upon departure she will ask the party for a bit of blessing
on the road and gives one of the PCs her flute, the PC may make a very difficult
perception check to see her eyes have changed colour to match his. The name engraved
on the flute is ‘’Lariander’’. She is the doppelganger from her stories and will now
attempt to ruin the life of the PC she gave the flute to by assuming his appearance and
going on a targeted crime-spree.

Tax Collector
Try and tax (or extort) money from the pcs.

The Unburied
You wander upon two corpses slain in the middle of the road. Both appear to be simple
travelers and their backpacks and other valuables appear to be missing. They have been
dead for several days. Any that approach the corpses within 5ft will need to throw
constitution saves later that day at camp for 1d2 random diseases.

The White Fox
A white fox is spotted twice over the course of an hour. An appropriate check might
reveal it to be a magical beast of sorts. If followed it will bring the party to a sacred grove
filled with clarity, peace and abundant flora. Several bushes with goodberries grow in
the shade of a large white willow. Staying for a long rest here will shed them of 1d4
negative effects they currently experience as well as give them 5 temporary hitpoints. If
this grove is desecrated in any way the fox will turn into a giant white dire bear with
damage reduction 14/evil and chase them out.

Tit for Tat
A tinkerer (commoner) named Himmenwell with a bag full of supplies has stumbled and
wrecked his ankle. He will offer a strong piece of hempen rope, a bag of caltrops, and a
pouch with 3d12 mysterious seeds if they can get him to the nearest town.


Troupe
A troupe of performers and travelers, a small circus of sorts. The Ringmaster is a shoddy
figure with a broken top hat and a golden tooth, and a generally jolly fellow named
Bunner. Together with a beautiful harp player with a magical voice (Miss Mys), a very
supple acrobat and his brother a juggler (Han and Gus), a knife-throwing dwarf (Muckel),
and an old magical storyteller (Maya) that can dazzle and fascinate even the most hardy
soul, they form a Troupe. They travel under the protection of the deity of travelers andthey are perfectly hospitable and enjoy the company of strangers. All travel with them is
smooth and without incident.

Violet Creepers
The plants in this clearing that the road runs through are not what they seem. The
plants produce some sort of volatile chemical that requires a moderate wisdom save or
will put targets to sleep for 1d4 hours. Unconscious creatures are detected and pulled
of the road by vines (assassins vine) and are slowly strangled over the course of minutes
and are swallowed whole by the shrubbery. If any AoE attacks are used that produce
damage the whole shrubbery shrivels up and forms a shambling mound that carries
unconscious creatures as humanoid shields.


Wandering Flora
The road ahead is overrun with 2d4 yellow musk zombies, you can see them stumbling
about. If one is attacked 3d4 +4 start to stumble from the woods one by one from both
sides. The yellow musk creeper these belong to will only emerge when a player is
downed or isolated from the group.


Whispering Stones
The roads wind between a series of small hills. Weirdly shaped old black stones cover
their surfaces. The winds play tricks on you here and the voices you hear may not be as
solid as you might think. It is a mysterious place. Each PC might receive 1 or 2 personalwhispers, something that might or might not be true but something only the world could
know (something about family being alive, or tribes being hunted and killed). The spirits
here represent something ancient and they are mirrors of one’s soul, if a character is
vengeful the spirits will mirror this in their whispers.



You see the city guards raid a store. Guards preventing people from coming close say that it’s a front for illegal activities. Rumors are that the owners ticked off the wrong person, forgot to pay protection money, and the guards are corrupt.





Prominent men start disappearing. They are in a brothel downtown, wrapped in silk caccoons, full of the eggs of a few shapechanging blackwidow women. Only clue comes from intimidating these mens squires, underlings or former favorite sexworkers or whatever. (good low level adventure)


Tower raid.  a la Conan the Barbarian.  Priests.

Run in with a thieves guild.


Wererats live in the sewers, and are taking over the thieves guild.

A doppleganger replaces an important official, priest, etc. and starts changing policies.



Old Bill Long(Shanks)
"Them cold hearted types that would have a laugh at a man's misfortune."
"Hello me fine gentlemen,.. can I pardon you fer a minute of yer time."
Lost his legs in the war with the green skins when I was but a lad.  (lots of different stories about how he lost his legs)
Has a little cart.
Wants to make a deal with the characters.
Has a wanted poster (no image) looking for Wolfker Ziegler who cut up Big Jutte (an old prostitue with big boobs).
"He has a black heart if anyone does.   Tried to kick his old mum out of her own house in the middle of winter a few years back.  But we were having none of that."
"Old Bill has spent more of his fair share of days out in the night and I ain't wishing it on anyone"
He wants a cut of the ransom asa finders fee.
He knows where Wolfker is (holed up in Herlinde's place Zum Schwarzen Adler)
Herlinde wants him out .. he's bad for business .. the other girls don't want him there.  So she sent one of her girls to Old Bill to deal with it for her.  (We go back a long ways).
"Is this how you'd treat an old veteran wot gave his legs fer his country?"
Wolfker can be just a thug, attached to a thieves guild, or something else.


Lady Hedwig Ostreich
80 years old
no family
has a reputation for being a busy-body.
has an ongoing feud with the VonFridreich family (current patriach killed her husband).
Son Dippelt VonFriedreich has just become engaged to the Ghoul girl.
Hedwig invites them to a party .. partly as a talking point, dancing monkeys.
Hedwig suspects as much, and has guessed that the girl might be the one the PCs ran into early from stories
(There were stories about an eastern merchant family when Hedwig was a girl, they were run out of town and
afterwards they found a bunch of bodies in the cellar.. Hedwig has seen the fiance and she looked similar to that family).
Hedwig organizes a dinner with the PCs and Dippelt and the Ghoul Girl to try and embarass the vonFriedrichs
Can meet Kemmler and a few other people at the party.
The Ghoul Girl will probably change and try and escape when she meets the party.
She should get away, or be killed (dagger to the brain).
Hedwig will have the party escorted out the back, thank the party for coming, explain that she  
The body will be removed.  The dagger will be returned to the party member afterwards.
Some time later it will be discovered that the servants who went to dispose of the body never returned.


Der Rothundshaus- The Red Dogs House
Der Pferdapfel Gasthof - The Horse Apple Inn
Das Schwarzrad - The Black Wheel
Hexenkessel
"Zum Goldenen Schwan" (golden swan)
"Zum Wilden Mann" (wild man, you guessed it)
"Zum Goldenen Löwen" (golden lion)
stuben means room, keiler means cellar. (postfix for names)


Taxman

Stores..
Alchemical/Magic supplies?


Thieves guilds..



A Large rat is dragging an unidentifiable piece of garbage towards the sewer entrance... when a tentacle reaches up out of the sewer, wraps around the rat and drags it squeaking into the sewer. Very quickly, the squeaking stops ...


The party passes by a building that has caught fire. The fire brigade hasn’t shown up yet and there appears to be people trapped inside.


A man in a ratty suit in front of a local monument asks if you would like to take the guided tour for 5 gold pieces. If you accept, he gestures to the monument saying "wow look at that", before dashing away with your money.


You see the city guards raid a store. Guards preventing people from coming close say that it’s a front for illegal activities. Rumors are that the owners ticked off the wrong person, forgot to pay protection money, and the guards are corrupt.


Tarrot reader..

Chicken can talk to you .. but it often lies.

A woman is berating a group of city watchmen who are at her door. She is being evicted for not paying rent and not leaving. She is getting violent, and the land lady is trying to get the house for new renters.






Dreamlands
Librarian kept prisoner



Tardigrade


grave diggers
mortsafe

manciple




Elochs living in the volcano in the swamps.
Gate in from a different plane and are hunter gathers
Shaman has a staff with a fist sized hecatolite (moonstone) gem to focus power
T'onghana old man in an empty village.. can act as a guide.
Village is gone while he was fishing.  He is alone.
T'onghana can act as a guide to the volcano, and as their out if they get caught.
Encounter with a small Eloch hunting party with slaves.
They have weaknesses .. cold, and ??
paraasitic cone? Sill, dike, caldera

Volcano snails.
Elochs
Giant snapping turtle?
stirges?




black court vampire
controls a character.
How does the black court operate?
wants to quit this plane if required.
will join with X

