"wide angle", "long shot", "cinematic", or "full screen view".



left side blank, right side blank, and negative space
a photo of a (huge) invisible area in the room while the (subject) stands at the side



"award winning landscape photograph of the tetons with small people at medium distance. 25mm f8. Hassleblad. --ar 3:2 --q 2 --v 4"

"award winning photograph of a fashion model in the middle distance. Wide angle. Full body distance shot. --q 2 --ar 2:3 --v 4"


Dutch Angle, Volumetric Lighting

rule of thirds, golden ratio, asymmetric composition


Styles..
ink dripping drawing
ink drawing
da vinci technical sketch
bas relief
woodcut
concept art
black and white

Art Nouveau
Alphonse MuchaCopied

Jacobean architecture
Renaissance architecture



The --style parameter replaces the default aesthetic of some Midjourney Model Versions. Adding a style parameter can help you create more photo-realistic images, cinematic scenes, or cuter characters.

Default Model Version 5.2 and the previous version 5.1 accept --style raw.
Model Version Niji 5 accepts --style cute --style scenic --style original or --style expressive


Artists?
HR Giger
Frazetta
Bernie Wrightson
Ethan van Scriver
Gerald Brom
Ray Harryhausen
Greg Rutkowski
Alvaro Martínez Bueno
Adrian Smith 
Alan Lee
Arthur Rackham
Hal Foster
Neal Adams
Todd McFarlane
Albrecht Dürer
Anton Pieck
Carlo Crivelli
Hieronymus Bosch
James McIntosh Patrick
Leonardo Da Vinci
Zdzisław Beksiński

Flavour
grim darkg
rimm brothers
dark ages
surreal
jon blanche


Twilight, vintage coffee house::1.5 

Establishing Shot
1/2 headshot

Cinematic Haze
Daguerrotype
--

 portrait, headshot, ultrawide shot, extreme closeup, macro shot, an expansive view of


--v 4 --ar 2:3

negative weights.
two eyes::-0.5

New Features
1) V4 now supports --style and --stylize

a) The --stylize arg lets you change the strength of our 'default styling' 
- You can take it from a value of 0 to 1000 (default is 100)
- If you set --stylize 0 you may have worse images, but you may gain more fine-grained control 

b) The --style arg lets you pick different 'style biases' for our model
- The current options are --style 4a and --style 4b
- 4a is closer to the previous v4 style (from the original v4 release)
- 4b is currently default (from the second v4 release)

Please note: These features may be very subtle unless you fix the random seed with something like --seed 1 
- We will release new styles in the future that are more different/extreme from current ones
- We will also attempt to 'keep the old styles' from previous versions (by holding things like 4a and 4b and moving to 4c)

Model Upgrades
2) Our models (both regular and upscaler) have been updated
- Both should be slightly sharper with less undesired visual artifacts
- Both should do slightly better with small details like eyes and facial features

Bug Fixes:
3) We fixed some math with the way multiprompts and --no arguments work.
- Both should act 'smarter' and more literal now
- The arg --no now has a weight of -0.5 instead of -0.25 (same as --v3 and other models) (edited)

https://medium.com/mlearning-ai/an-advanced-guide-to-writing-prompts-for-midjourney-text-to-image-aa12a1e33b6
