
 

 hammer of X and YZ
 OR nodes in choices
 FIGURES IN PHB GENERAL SECTION..
 Added extra information about character creation
 hit points
 make mastery use one circle.  (change docs)
lore biome wilderness
build check that the index/toc is done
alchemy..
add an overcharge value for dice pool checks .. number of 6s, minimum 2 for all things.
tidy up the skills in the archetype docs (and add an explanation).


DONE.
bump version
tidied up error reporting context... lines and more context and filename
allow ability template names to have spaces
initial abilities bug
clarified dice pool in character creation
fixed lucas' typo (turned out to be a bug in the archetype macro)
cleaned up error reporting a bit.
shoot ability renamed for clarity
Remove willpower from character sheet



look at the devils bargain from Blades in the Dark
Also look at creating a group sheet?




primary.perception

  
survivalism --> something else???


prices


cheat sheet
  combat
  standard bonuses
  weapon damage
  conditions
  aspects
  spells overpowering?
  defences.

Mythos lore?

Make the abilities look good in the character sheets..
Sort out promotions/new abilities .. use text?
Sort out the ability graphs in the PHB


Dwarven Slavers..
  - take the orphans.

Six months later.
Dimi's contact. .. (Betrand Bloch) will get killed.


FIXME!!
     Give them really high perception so they can wander around being like sherlock holmes.
     Hypnotic Gaze.
     Extra perception
     Mythos lore?


Blunderbus
thick skull.
tyrant
true grit
man catcher


Adventure..
Print rules
Level up



mettle, magic, luck


monster stat blocks.
  attacks
  abilities



https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Cthulhu_Mythos_books#Book_of_Eibon


random encounters (by time of year and location).
  - bodgers
  - farmer repairing field walls
  - merchants
  - tinkers 
  - gypsies


Perception bonus for black cloaks.
Mythos skill for lore. (give it to black cloaks.. )
forbidden lore.. common lore, specialist lore.


tamerlane board
electors.

Make aspects normal skills.
Make the target 13
When they roll doubles they go up a level.
Need to change docs and character sheets



small gods
  - legal alternatives to Mithras
lesser gods
  - illegal alternatives to Mithras
dark gods
old gods..
  - worship has been irradicated.



Descriptve initiative and surprise as a save...

Leveling up.. difference between going up and gaining a skill.
Review weapon break dcs.
add weapons table to char sheet?

dwarf needs some reactions?

trying to solve two problems..
   i) we want to give upgrades and never have problems (increase when there are no more abilities to increase)
      add a skill when there are none left of that type.

   ii) We want to be able to visualize across archetypes and across levels within an archetype.

   iii) We're going to need to test whether the levels break constraints.. (e.g. no bad upgrades)

PROBLEM ... general, magical? are too generic to be useful.. is that a problem probably not I suppose?


make dimis archetype a spy-master type.
  lots of contacts...



Change all the XXXX-lore abilities to XXXX



PROBLEMx3
Managing ability improvements?
	 - need to make sure that we know what range of abilities the archetypes have at a level
	 - need to make sure that when they rank up they have abilities that they can rank up?  (How?)
	 - need to get my ability nomenclature fixed.. +1 means? +1 rank or +1 first level ability.
	 - need to check that all preprequisites are satisified.


<level>
  <paths>
     <path>
     <pathdescription>
     <pathname>
     <or>
     <or>
     <or>
     </path>
     <path> <or> </path>
     <path> <or> </path>
  </paths>
</level>


make the ability group thing at the top of the abilities page also an ability??? THink about it.
what about physical abilities?  Things where there isn't a top?


encounters on two sides even, odd.



Clean up archetypes ... dwarf vs everyone else, sections, level progression hps magic etc?

Review archetypes and add a level 2 to the table.
Adventure..




Morale...
dice pool  (no new mechanics required)
GM always rolls all the dice (so no player rerolls)




MORALE - broken
TOO MANY HIT POINTS.. NOT ENOUGH CONSEQUENCES.. pull back on the refresh a bit (keep stamina as is).  Drop opening hit points a little for level 1 characters.
LACK OF EXTRA FIGHTING OPTIONS FOR FIGHTERS .. working on it.
BALANCE BROKEN .. therefore still a fair amount of fudging rules on the fly.


Fixes for Mettle.. remaining problems
  Demons Mettle
  Undead Mettle.


Add the morale pool graphs to the rationale doc.  Done?

Make up an encounter block..


FIXME:
  Routed/Broken


5th level ..
   way of steel?  hero? paragon?


Remove Checked Condition, Broken and Fleeing??  (think about the latter at least?)




add range to physical abilities?
update ability graphs 

monsters .. aggression, self-control? willpower/control/composure.


Fuzzy Terminology
break test
resolve test
morale test


MAKE HELD THE SAME AS BROKEN    UNDEAD AND TANGLEBRIAR?
MAKE TURNED THE SAME AS ROUTED? 
Turned (as in undead condition) forcing them to flee from the character or their allies for three rounds.. after which they will leave the area if able.


Make the modules pdf forms.
First page you can customize.
https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/14842/creating-fillable-pdfs



+Performance
GM fiat ..
  Award close enough results to the players if their role playing was good enough.



 primary ability upgrade to 2
 physical

 new military skill
 upgrade one or two military skills 

 lang upgrade
 lore upgrade
 new lore 


 spell upgrades.. 



change necromancy to dark arts? +1
equipment prices!!


move ability tags to the check field .. accurate.



force the group name to be in the ability tags


Dodge is going to get all the advances!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Need a solution (move it to special? solves the problem .. but I wouldn't expect it to be there. move it to martial?)

Expanded aspects for relationships?


TOO MANY HIT POINTS.. NOT ENOUGH CONSEQUENCES.. pull back on the recovery a bit (keep stamina).
LACK OF EXTRA FIGHTING OPTIONS FOR FIGHTERS .. WORKING ON IT
BALANCE BROKEN .. therefore a fair amount of fudging rules on the fly.





Deal with opposed skills (what's the point of grapple if the opponent uses str?)
grapple.
juggernaut  // Str or End should be part of it?  Str|End + Rank  (brute)
shield push
shield support
interrogate
intimidate


the great library..
librarians..
knowledge is power.
20 acres library



Make overcharge a std check with boons and banes..?
Check for other overcharge effects?? roll D12 on a 1 ..




Check that Targets Defence and Targets Attack is wee defined (in the phb index).
Context Dependent --> GMs Call??

Difficulty levels.. changed with the new odd numbers.

 negotiated dcs
    - abilities that have a RP component should get a harder DC but get a bonus of 1-3 for RP?
    - magic abilities with the laws of magic 
 no abilities should have a trained level of 0

definitions for overcharge

morale checks - DC don't direct players to them..
weapon saves - optional check type describe.
Morale?
Discipline? check when you get bloodied?


New Characters.. 
Blade - aspect? second son?  Errol Flynn type?
Night Gauner - rogue type?



QUESTION: should we have generic abilities that work on basic attacks or weapon specific abilties?   Why not both?


 - Rage - after you hit check rage .. get advantage to hit, must make a melee attack per round or roll a morale check, if you fail you stop raging and cannot rage again.
 - Cleave - extra attack after killing a monster
 - Frenzy - when you miss a melee attack you can check mettle 4 to do 1d4 damage instead.  This extra damage is then cumulative for all successful melee attacks for the rest of the combat

 - Wind of death.  melee attack with disadvantage for 2 + level opponents.

 - defensive stance?  get benefit on dodge and parry and armour?

13th Age?




hydious mutation.
 - large muscles

cartilagenous form?

Think about this?
 - wyrd science
      - flesh golem?
      - feign death


fast ... +3 dodge, +3 to move?


ranges for abilities?
range-touch, range-weapon, range-short, range-medium, range-long, ??

petard vs grenade vs greek fire vs smoke bomb .. ability?
THINK do we need to redo the alchemy abilities to make them more like the smoke bomb ability?


Morale..
 - pin it down a bit.
 - Demonic Instability?
 - hold undead etc
 - failing moral checks

spells that must be maintained... ?

define allies? for spell area of effect?


puppeteer?
pied piper .. control vermin?


Abilities..
 - battle cry
 - eldritch lightning.. ricochets.
 - skywalk .. creates an invisible bridge like structure that glows slightly..
 - feast for crows .. aetheric murder of crows.
 - passing of ages... cause something inanimate in your hand to age..
 - cautterize .. stops bleeding and counts as medial attention vs damage from slicing? weapons
 - malediction of Mithras
 - Blazing Corona.. 
    - light + advantage to leadership, intimidate and morale tests  ?
 - Fire Ball
 - Conflagration (area)
 - Omen.. opposed roll with the GM
 - Portent.. gives you a reroll on the next roll?  forces an opposed roll ...  (might be good for hard tests trying to get low rolls).
 - Lightning Bolt
 - Gust
 - Curse .. ??
 - Wings of X .. allows flying. ? maybe not.
 - Hold your ground.
 - Feet of Clay
 - behemoth
 - baptism of fire..
 - Path of the Worm
 - Ice Storm
 - Banish
 - Demonbane
 - Silver Arrows?
 - Steel to lead? Lesser transmutation.. 
 - Beguiling Masque
 - Demonic Aspect
 - Radiant Lance (bless a spear)
 - Cure Poison
 - Cure Wounds
 - Armour of Light?
 - Soulfire
 - Hare's Course
 - Tanglebriar
 - By the Power of Mithras.. one blow throws the target, knocks them prone and does double damage.
 - Sword of Justice
 - Eldritch Sign
 - Mark of the damned
 - Eldar Sign?
 - Death's Door keeps people alive a little longer..
 - Date with Destiny  (heroism, enchantment)
 - Thunderclap
 - Flense (wind low damage, large area)
 - Spider climb
 - Celerity
 - unspeakable oath?
 - eyes of the dead
 - the yellow sign
 - artillery and siegework
 - mesmarise.

Magic Items 
 - secret page..
 - tattered cloak
 - ground pepper
 - holy relic?
 - pineal gland
 - see magic items list in root dir.

Spells 
 - Astral Travel
 - Flesh Ward
 - Mists of R'lyeh
 - Binding
 - Find Gate
 - Shrivelling
 - Astral Projection
 

 Wilderness
  - Lure


Red Sign of Shudde M'ell ?
Mark of finding..



look through the WFRPG spells, look through the Arkham horror cards




fane of the XXX

penny dreadful

archetypes
adventure .. graph.


price of alcohol ..
price of a meal
price of accomodation


Stephanus..


Morale...  make the effects of failing morale less proscriptive????
   - denies player agency??
   - instead apply softer pressure.
   - Checked need to roll a morale check to perform a bold move.
   - Broken martial actions are performed at disadvantage?


Tillinghast



 SKILLS TO COMBINE
  Move and Sprint and Speed?
  Wilderness Lore and Survivalism? wayfinding?
  Sleep and Rest
  Search and Perception?
  Contortionist/Escapism, Ropecraft
  Interogate, Intimidate,
  Deceive


buffs

monster abilities
overcharge roll ... 

generic spells??
   - tagged versatile
   - are vaguely described...  have two or three sets of difficulty   easy, hard, very hard.


pendulum dowsing
    
serpent tongue? .. talk to amphibians? parseltongue

ignis as a weapon?
clarification of blessed arms touching weapons

vision...  (see in the dark?) upgrade of true sight?


accurate..  level x multiplier gets added to hit
inaccurate..  level gets added to damage




 more ghouls
 make the parlor empty.. carcasses picked clean hanging on some improvised bent steal hooks to keep them away from the rats.. gnawed bones in the corner.

 guards will ask them their names

 presumably go to johanns..
 
Sometime later the guards will come and arrest Matts character for non payment of taxes.

 If they're all in prison Bombur might turn up to offer a loan.. provided they can get it underwritten and with collateral.

 ghouls attack Johanns place at night or pfedermeister..
  One will knock on the door..  "I have a message for Johann.. or I have message for the owner of the pfedermeister"
 They will buy time while the others climb up the side of the house.
  Then that one will attack.

 New ghouls names are
 Fuad (heart) - leader middle aged man, sun bronzed man with a van dyke beard.
 Jabir (comforter) - blond man, short hair buzz cut, leather armour, short sword (which he will throw once),
 Yahya (gracious) - sullen looking, older man, skinny.  Will be left to question them.. told not to eat any of them until they've hung for a while or they'll make you ill.   Make them all very caring of one another.


 Out ... they'll carry them to a new larder and one of them on a hook, then they'll start questioning the others
 for a little bit..  Johann will be knocked out.  They'll want to go out and get more people for the rest of
 the month.  Leaving one alone with the characters.  See Lucia's questions..  They'll also see if they can


 New guards name is Pavel ... and his side kick is Rollo
 Pavel is very big, hairy blond fellow, an northerner. Wears a ruby earing.
 Rollo is lean, small, rat like man, big nose and dark hair.



 




---------------------------------------------------------------------
Abilities


 Ghoul...

  Very Fast..
  Claw damage
  Juggernaut
  falls like a cat
  Regenerates
  - how do he common spells effect it?  
  - check spells and stat out ghoul

  look at some of the super hero abilities.. dare devil.. etc


How do monsters do will power checks?  Group checks..

Noble Houses..
 Maps
  

 Tailor the game to the player characters..
    - magic stuff for Jeremy
          - demon summoning
	  - gate opening
    - intrigue stuff for Dimi
    - pfedermeister for Matt
    - stuff for jez or
        - lagash?
	- prophecy.

 - city of brass..
 - fulcade.. history and gang affiliation
      Ostrozverg  (easterners)
      Lauferzwerg  (runners)
      Bergzwerg (mountain dwarves).
      


    

---------------------------------------------------
  DMs screen
      - common skill difficulties
      - ACs  for armour
      - round order.
      - boon and bane
   
-----------------------------------------
 want standard table of bonuses and penalties for combat (have .. no extra roll though)
   instant-kill
   check for broken weapon
   knocked prone

Succeeding in Checks has to do something?  

Boots Check
Glove Check


----------------------------------------------------------
Boons and Banes (finish table)
Picking up weapon.
dazzling display
slayed
called shot
pushed, 
armour check  define
encumberance test
counter attack 

Reduce armour DC by 2 until the armour is repaired or replaced.
    If the opponent has no armour then roll again.  Non brittle armour, padded <etc/>, does not break
    it tears.  In this case armour is reduced by 1 instead.

Headshot?

How to read the chart.. ors have


----------------------------------------------------------
Piercing Damage +3 vs armour
Crushing Damage +3 vs parry or shield block
Slashing Damage +3 vs dodge



