



Walk to the Murenger Arms

Intercepted by the Guard (out).
Ask about


A number of people in here but the mood is somber.

Walk into the bar and there's the two dudes from the Happy Hog.
 Roland (Woland) VonBauer
   Son of a Lord.

 Versullio
   Roland's Tutor (Shape shifting, Illithid)



Pilchin the Phage.
and Pilchin the Phage with a new host hidden.

They are surprised to see the characters

Spawns of Hell in the bar disguised as patrons...

Roland is an idiot he just screeches and stands in the corner.




Versuillio then yells at Pilichin to take the book to safety.

Versuillio will attempt to negotiate at this stage.. I can see your souls desire.  "Leave us the Index and go.. I promise you no harm"

Versuillio creates a gate, summons a demon, steps through the gate.  Fight. Possibly lose.
  ... what happens if they lose?

The sucking gate moves everyone one square towards it each round.

Versuillio cuts a portal in space with the dagger and steps through it.
(every person killed with the dagger has a 1 in X chance of providing a charge.. X changes depending on the target .. 4 for innocents, 12 for the damned).


Somehow the book falls into the hands of Wills character.. clearly has some effect ("It Whispers")!?  Jez's character takes the book.  setting up...


Versuillio returns.  With the girl.  "Throw me the book and I shall free her."
the creature will offer to exchange the girl for the book.

If they throw the book to Versuillio he will attempt to slice the girls throat with the dagger (she struggles), and one turn later he opens a gate and steps through it (whether he is successful or not - has to be interrupted.. struck while trying to do so).

Dagger is a Tongue of the Gatewalkers.


Grundewald and Patrice (the wench) are imprisoned in the cellar.
Grundewald is immensely pleased to see the characters.


The Witch maester general (Heinrich Kremmler) is solicitous whatever the outcome.

The head of the Custodes Maleficiarum... Grand Maester Yacob Sprenger is enraged.. "How could you be so stupid to have (lost the book, put the book at risk, lost the girl and any hope of finding the demon that possessed her)"... You have clearly made an enemy in this man.



The WMG dismisses Yacob Sprenger, summons Godolfus.. "We must better arm our servants in the fight against the darkness".

Godolfus is really really tired (maybe negotiation works).
