

 maester gimmel stealing the lime light (spreading the tale of the parties exploits)

 roads are clogged with people off to the festival

 short cut goes by the plague district

 attacked by thugs.. recapture the vessel.



 witchmaester general wonders why would someone be after the girl? 
    - who are the thugs working for and why?  .. there's someone else involved.
    - answer to possess her again.  but anyone will do.
    - because she might lead them back to the summoner.

Summons the head of the Custodes Maleficiarum... Yacob Sprenger.

Examines the girl and declares that we 
   - but her recent memories have been erased
   - may be able to recover some of her memories.. how??
 using the index daemonorum..
    - ??how???  knowledge of the demon would improve the chances of undoing the magicks via contagion.   Also it knows many things

WHG 
 - The index is your solution to all problems,
 - it is no good for you.
 - This must be the last time.


Index Daemonorum .. knows all the demons.  A record keeper demon bound in the book.
Some know me as some as Inoch, Metator, Adiryaon and some as Mattatron.
The greatest treasure of the Witch Hunters



Witch Master General (Heinrich Kremmler) summons Godolfus.

    - Godolfus is annoyed.. we are busy with the audit of our the vault.
    - Get the Index we need it.
    - Godolfus goes.


Witch Maester general
    - You must forgive old Godolfus, his rheumatism is bad and he has been up all night,
    - had suspected a traitor as the orb was kept in the witch hunters vaults and certain members of the WH were being interogated.  It was only by good fortune that the orb's loss was detected so quickly.. Old Maester Pompono was working on his treatise of dark magicks and has been studying it in the vaults every day for weeks.  Needless to say we are in the process of checking our inventory.
    - we identified a certain Jacob Strubach, scribe who had through the use of some sleeping
    elixir managed to obtain the vaults keys.
    - He has been detained.


Godolfus enters with Guards
  - The index is gone.  Nider is dead.  (Johannes Nider a guard)
  - Strubach is gone.

WMG:
  - we must get that book.
  - turns to the adventurers.. find Strubach and get that book.

How??
  contagion.
  the bloke who was fencing the orb must have been working with Strubach.
    ... ask about to find out about the fellow.
   or Strubachs residence...

   
Down in X district...
   ask about.
   Strubach is dead.  "It's all anyone can talk about around here."
   Over at XXXX alley.
   Characters go there... Meet the guard ... body has been moved.


See Otmar the Diener..
   No book found with him.
   From the corpse he'd been drinking heavily.

Nearest pub is the Murenger Arms.
  When they walk in there's a dwarf with a black eye..
  and the whole possy of bad guys.
  they have the book.
  one of them is being controlled by a Phage!!!.  (funky powers).

Once defeated.. the thugs have the index.
   Wants a blood offering (enables it to establish a line of communication with the caster).
  "It whispers to you." aspect for any magic user that touches the book.

Take the book back.
  WHG is pleased.
  Gets Godolfus to take them down to the vaults to "Arm them in our service."
  Yacob Sprenger takes the book to try and cure the girl.  "I'm sure I will return with some insight into who is behind this wickedness"

  Rewards:
    Mike
      brace of pistols fine (break)
      Compendium Maleficarum
    Jez
      brace of pistols fine (break)
      Rapier of 

    Dimi
    Will
       Get a scroll describing the Wither spell 0 level.
       A pot of limaceous grease.
       A small vial of Alkahest (universal solvent).
       Eyes of Azathoth.
       Throw in a bag of smoked snigglets.

  Steal a Summon scroll.. learn the summon spell and allows the caster to call forth a Servant of Inoch (Toad Demon).. (following all lies).

Will introduce himself in long terms.. I am Iclox Aron, Lower member of the Privy Chamber, Keeper of Secrets.  What is your name (+2 for aspect difficulty if answered correctly).

I come from the place that you might call Hades, or possibly Hell, but in truth there are many such places.  From whence do you come? (+2 aspect difficulty if answered correctly).

I have been instructed by our lord Inoch to provide you with those things that you most desire.. what are they? (+1 to difficulty).

I need your blood to make this happen.. give it to me. (+3 difficulty if provided)


At this point Iclox Aron asks that Will "releases him from these bindings".   Wills character ge
ts the "Thrall of the Servant" aspect with above modifiers.  Loses whatever one he has that's making him so curious.

If released will stride past Will saying "You have been faithful.  My master may have need of you yet.  It is a shame .. I hunger terribly.  When last I walked upon this world this city did not stand. "  Turns as he walks out the door "Do not follow me.".

      

